you stanky
you a ho, but not like in a sexually liberated way. just a ho
hah! Gay!!!!!
your presence makes me cry
splug
you are a disgrace
,,,,,, descusting,,,,,,,,,,,
your nose isn't all it should be, if we're being honest here
you'll never live up to your parents expectations
you ugly ugly
sometimes saoirse ronan and i talk shit about you behind your back
i bet babies cry when they see you
i bet not even jeff bezos would want you as a wage slave
i bet not even elon musk would stage a coup to exploit your resources
oof
I'm currently in the process of filing a restraining order against you
right at the top of the bell curve
I wouldn't fight for you
if you gave me your number I'd throw it out
jesus christ man
all your best photos look nothing like you
for someone with a smart mouth you've sure got a lot of teeth
you look like you could be named kyle in another life
really cool how you can make people happy just by walking away
I don't care what everyone says, you seem perfectly adequate
rough morning?
breathing through your mouth this much is bad for your teeth
more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel
your personality smells like three germans in a briefcase
you look like your parents got you from the donation pile at the hospital
if Mr. Rogers was your neighbor, he'd move
Bob Ross wouldn't paint a picture of you
stupid people can believe anything, so I'm sure you can believe in yourself
we've all got something to bring to the table, but you should probably bring silence
your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries
you look like you could be part french
I'm going to invite your mother to dinner, and then not turn up
it's impossible to underestimate you
you smell like hotdog water
you're like the grey sprinkle on the rainbow cupcake
your only culture is bacterial
your friends are living proof that man can endure anything
you are boring and your feet are too small
I bet you don't even like dinosaurs
you aren't as ugly at night!
you sneeze like a squirrel
you're a yak dung fatty watty shoe face
you're a little sluggy fella with NO conscience
your life is more about regret management than goal achievement
somewhere in france, a cathedral is missing a gargoyle
you're less a person and more a loose collection of personality flaws
you're like if god spilled a person
everyone that has ever loved you was wrong
why are you the way that you are
you're like a wet sandwich 
you're not pretty enough to be this stupid
nasty nasty nasty nasty
you probably think the federal minimum wage is too high
I wouldn't service you with or without shirt & shoes
others lead, you follow
not even McCarthy would care if you were a communist
you... you live like this?
your friends wouldn't bother telling you if you had spinach in your teeth
lily james thinks poorly of you
oscar isaac would wash his hands after meeting you
you have a face for podcasting
how do you handle the trauma mirrors must bring you?
consistant as always................................ consistently BAD!
when you die they're going to dissect your body to figure out how you managed to be... like that
parents point to you as a cautionary tale for their children
really just rather unfortunate
I got nothing. It's that bad
s i m p a l e r t
go boil your head
you should go eat bricks
if you were any dumber we'd be watering you twice a week
you're a six piece chicken mcfuckup
there are puddles deeper than you
I think you'd fit in just fine in New Jersey
I think you have more teeth than IQ points
people like you are why shampoo bottles come with instructions
you're like a sneeze that just won't sneeze
you have the sex appeal of a dust bunny
you make me wish the gene pool had more lifeguards
oh god did you try to make out with a belt grinder is that why you look like that
your parents probably didn't notice when you fell on your head as a child, huh
you couldn't pour water out of a boot if the directions were on the sole
I'd say something clever, but I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain it to you
I bet you do m*ck tr*al, you greasy piece of shit
